
<p>
This admin app is a <abbr title="Graphical User Interface">GUI</abbr> for the command line plugin that is described in the <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Anewpagetemplate%3Acmdline" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Anewpagetemplate%3Acmdline">plugin:newpagetemplate:cmdline</a> documentation. It has four options, corresponding to the main command line options.: <code>Ini file</code>, <code>Template</code>, <code>Page id</code>, and <code>User replacements</code>.  These options enable you to process a single page using the selected page and template or one or more pages using one or more templates using an initialization file.
</p>

<p>
If you choose both <code>ini file</code> and <code>Page id</code>, <code>Page id</code> will take precedence. If you choose <code>Page id</code>, you must choose a template.  The <code>User replacements</code> are the <code>newpagevars</code> that are explained in the <a href="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Anewpagetemplate#usage" class="interwiki iw_doku" title="https://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin%3Anewpagetemplate#usage">newpagetemplate</a> documentation. If you choose an initialization file, you can  use the <code>User replacements</code> option to add replacements to those in the initialization file.
</p>

<p>
<code>Ini file</code> and <code>Templates</code> are drop-down menus.  The initialization files must be in the root <code>newpagetemplate</code> plugin directory and have the <code>.ini</code> extension. The templates must be in the directory specified by the <code>default_tplns</code> configuration option.    
</p>
